Grow Your Own 1up Mushroom!
Published on March 30, 2006.
Thinkgeek.com is selling what appears to be a real life 1up mushroom !
They provide a pipe, a spore, and some mushroom “food solution.”
All you do is add potting soil to the green sewer-pipe-shaped flower pot, and push the spores deep into it.
Soak the soil with water using the dropper, add a squirt of the food solution, and then it’s off to a dark location for a few weeks.
A still unanswered question remains: What happens if you eat it?
I’m thinking either you’ll die instantly, or grow to enormous proportions (in your mind) and then die.
I smell an impending lawsuit will happen when a kid decides to eat the mushroom (thinking he’s now got an extra life) and jumps off a cliff.
Even without eternal life-giving properties, I want this.
Bad. I’ve already ordered 2 for myself.